Is it appropriate to just leave?
Kneel down and apologize, I can forgive
Slandered me
What does this have to do with cooperation?
Now the entire Huacan Group has to listen to me
I don't want to cooperate with Jiang Jiang
What can you do to me?
You are deceiving too much
You are the Jiang family that you pushed me out with your own hands
I'm not a Jiang family at all now
I am not obligated
I have no responsibility to give a little bit for our Jiang family
I worked hard to raise you
Are you willing to look at Jiang so helplessly?
Is home lonely?
I knew this earlier
I should have strangled you when you were born
Raise me what do you raise me
After my mother passed away
You married this woman
That's my foster mother.
It pulls me up a little bit
Even if you take care of me for a day
You have the face to say that too
Dad's health is not good
Do you have to piss him off to be reconciled?
I'm just telling the truth
And you do have fertility graces for me
But the moment I donated my bone marrow to you
I have repaid your kindness.
We don't owe each other